androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/customerglu/sdk/R.java
 com.customerglu.sdk.R
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$anim
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$animator
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$attr
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$bool
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$color
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$dimen
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$drawable
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$id
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$integer
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$interpolator
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$layout
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$plurals
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$string
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$style
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$styleable
 com.customerglu.sdk.R$xml
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/test/core/R.java
 androidx.test.core.R
 androidx.test.core.R$id
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
androidx/test/monitor/R.java
 androidx.test.monitor.R
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/reactnativerncustomerglu/test/BuildConfig.java
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.BuildConfig
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
androidx/dynamicanimation/R.java
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$attr
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$color
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$dimen
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$drawable
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$id
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$integer
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$layout
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$string
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$style
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$styleable
androidx/security/R.java
 androidx.security.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/reactnativerncustomerglu/test/R.java
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$anim
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$animator
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$attr
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$bool
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$color
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$dimen
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$drawable
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$id
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$integer
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$interpolator
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$layout
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$plurals
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$string
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$style
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$styleable
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.test.R$xml
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$animator
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/reactnativerncustomerglu/R.java
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$anim
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$animator
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$attr
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$bool
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$color
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$dimen
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$drawable
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$id
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$integer
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$interpolator
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$layout
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$plurals
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$string
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$style
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$styleable
 com.reactnativerncustomerglu.R$xml
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
io/reactivex/android/R.java
 io.reactivex.android.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
